Update README.md (#12)
SoftboxLab/juggernaut-demo: README.md

# Juggernaut demo

> Dedicated repo to Juggernaut components and utilities samples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repository dedicated to examples of Juggernaut components and utilities.
```
